[ADD] Fleet: new accident management doc (#10263)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/fleet/accidents.rst

=========
Accidents
=========

> When managing a fleet of vehicles, eventually, accidents will occur. It is important to track these
> occurrences to gain insights, from seeing how much vehicles cost to keep on the road, to identifying
> the safest drivers.

Reviewer: Just my attempt at making this more concise! Feel free to edit this suggestion and cherry pick what you like about it

```suggestion
When managing a fleet, accidents are inevitable. Tracking them is crucial for understanding vehicle maintenance costs and identifying safe drivers.
```

> Due to the customizable nature of Odoo's *Fleet* app, there are several different ways to track
> accidents. The instructions below provide step by step instructions for only **one** method to keep
> track of accidents and their subsequent repair costs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo's *Fleet* app offers multiple ways to track accidents. Below are step-by-step instructions for one method to monitor accidents and their repair costs.
```

Structure
=========

For this example, to track accidents, two :ref:`service types <fleet/new-type>` are created:
`Accident - Driver's Fault` and `Accident - No Fault`.

> This will make it possible to track the various repairs associated with accidents, organized by the
> type of accident (who was at fault).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows tracking of various repairs associated with accidents, organized by who was at fault.
```

When an accident occurs, a service record is created. The specific repairs needed for the accident

> are logged in the *description* of the service record, and the details about the accident (what
> happened) are logged in the *notes* section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are logged in the *Description* of the service record, and the details about the accident are logged in the *Notes* section.
```

With this organizational structure, it is possible to view all accidents organized by fault, car,
driver, or cost.

.. seealso::
   To manage accidents, the creation of service records is **required**.

   Refer to the :doc:`service` documentation for detailed instructions on creating service records
   in Odoo's *Fleet* app.

Log accidents and repairs
=========================

> After an accident occurs, repairs are usually needed. To log an accident, the first step is to
> :ref:`create a service record <fleet/service-form>` detailing the specific repairs needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To log an accident and initiate the repair process, the first step is to
:ref:`create a service record <fleet/service-form>`.
```

.. note::
   Some accidents require multiple repairs with several different vendors. For these scenarios, a
   separate service record is needed for each vendor performing repairs. To keep records organized,

>    it is recommended to keep the :guilabel:`NOTES` field identical, as well as attaching the same

Reviewer: This is a super super personal and completely just my opinion nitpick, but does it *have* to be all caps? I feel like the documentation is yelling at me :sweat_smile:

Author: Lol- no, I don't like all caps, but it was shown that way, which is why I wrote it like that. I personally refer "Notes" but was worried it would be corrected since it's not how it appears on the UI. But since you also agree, I'll change it!

   important documentation, such as a police report.

Navigate to :menuselection:`Fleet app --> Fleet --> Services` to view the main :guilabel:`Services`
dashboard. Click :guilabel:`New` in the top-left corner and a blank service form loads.

Enter the following information on the form:

- :guilabel:`Description`: enter the description of repairs needed to fully repair the vehicle, such
  as `Bodywork`, `Windshield Replacement`, or `Replacement Bumper, Tires, and Windows`.
- :guilabel:`Service Type`: select either `Accident - Driver's Fault` or `Accident - No Fault`,
  depending on the situation.

>   When entering either of these two :guilabel:`Service Types` for the first time, enter the new

Reviewer: Totally personal preference!
```suggestion
  When entering either of these two :guilabel:`Service Types` for the first time, type in the new
```

  service type, then click :guilabel:`Create (new service type)`.

  Once an accident service type has been added to the database, it is available to select from the
  drop-down menu in the :guilabel:`Service Type` field.
- :guilabel:`Date`: using the calendar popover window, select the date the accident occurred.
  Navigate to the desired month using the :icon:`fa-chevron-left` :icon:`fa-chevron-right`

>   :guilabel:`(chevron)` icons, then click on the date to select it.

Reviewer: This is my personal opinion, so feel free to ignore this comment, but even though "chevron" is the technical term for the icon, I think referring to it as an arrow icon would ensure the icon is most widely understood.
```suggestion
  :guilabel:`(arrow)` icons, then click the date to select it.
```

- :guilabel:`Cost`: leave this field blank, as the repair cost is not yet known.
- :guilabel:`Vendor`: select the vendor performing the repairs using the drop-down menu. If the
  vendor has not already been entered in the system, type in the vendor name, and click either
  :guilabel:`Create` to add them, or :guilabel:`Create and edit...` to :ref:`add and configure the

>   vendor <fleet/new-vendor>`.

Reviewer: nice opportunity to reference related docs!! :D

- :guilabel:`Vehicle`: select the vehicle that was in the accident from the drop-down menu. When the
  vehicle is selected, the :guilabel:`Driver` field is populated, and the unit of measure for the
  :guilabel:`Odometer Value` field appears.
- :guilabel:`Driver`: the current driver listed for the selected vehicle populates this field when
  the :guilabel:`Vehicle` is selected. If a different driver was operating the vehicle when the
  accident occurred, select the correct driver from the drop-down menu.
- :guilabel:`Odometer Value`: enter the odometer reading when the accident occurred. The units of
  measure are either in kilometers (:guilabel:`km`) or miles (:guilabel:`mi`), depending on how the
  selected vehicle was configured.
- :guilabel:`NOTES`: enter the specific details for the accident at the bottom of the service form,

>   such as `Hit a deer` or `Rear ended at an intersection while stopped`.

Reviewer: oh, deer :deer:

.. note::
   The total :guilabel:`Cost` calculates **all** costs on the repair form, including estimated costs
   as well as final repair costs. This number may not be accurate if there are any repairs in the
   :guilabel:`Running` stage, and the final bill has not yet been calculated.

.. _fleet/reporting_dashboard:

Reporting dashboard
-------------------

Navigate to :menuselection:`Fleet app --> Reporting --> Costs` to view the default
:menuselection:`Cost Analysis` report. The default report displays a  :icon:`fa-bar-chart`
:guilabel:`(Bar Chart)` of all :guilabel:`Contract` and :guilabel:`Service` costs for the current
year, organized by month (:guilabel:`Date`).

To view the total cost by vehicle, click the :icon:`fa-caret-down` :guilabel:`(down caret)` icon at
the far-right of the :guilabel:`Search...` bar, revealing a drop-down menu. Click
:guilabel:`Vehicle` in the :icon:`oi-group` :guilabel:`Group By` column, and the data is organized
by vehicle.

This displays the true cost for each vehicle, including both the contract cost (such as the monthly
vehicle lease cost) and all service costs, including all accidents. This allows for a more complete

> view of the vehicle cost.

Reviewer: This is really useful information! How do I see it? 

I poked around and saw a breakdown of each cost type in the Pivot view. Were you referring to this? If so, I'd be great to specify that you got this info in the pivot view! :blush: 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1071282a-6683-413c-8a7d-e282c5de5819)

.. image:: accidents/total-costs.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Cost Analysis report, displaying total costs by vehicle.

Managing accident repairs
=========================

For companies with multiple employees managing a large fleet of vehicles, displaying only services

> in the :guilabel:`New` and :guilabel:`Running` stages can be time-saving.

Reviewer: I'm not a fleet expert, so I'm definitely missing the point as to why only seeing the services in these two stages is time saving. 

Can you possibly elaborate on why it's important to only see these two stages? (:

Author: I added some more info- if there are a TON of records, like a hundred or 500, it can be a lot to sift through. Our own Fleet person in Belgium actually told me she does this, so she can be organized. She likes ot go in, and see everything that needs her attention to follow up, etc. So that's why I added this.

Navigate to the main :guilabel:`Services` dashboard, where all service requests are organized by
:guilabel:`Service Type`. Next, click the :icon:`fa-caret-down` :guilabel:`(down caret)` icon at the
far-right of the :guilabel:`Search...` bar, revealing a drop-down menu. Click :guilabel:`Add Custom
Filter` in the :icon:`fa-filter` :guilabel:`Filters` column., and a :guilabel:`Add Custom Filter`
pop-up window appears.

There are three drop-down fields to populate on the pop-up window. In the first field, scroll down

> and select :guilabel:`Stage`. Leave the second field as-is, with the :guilabel:`= (equal)` sign.

Reviewer: Since `=` is a character, it'll always render, so  we can just match what's written in the UI, which is just the equal sign
```suggestion
and select :guilabel:`Stage`. Leave the second field set to :guilabel:`=`.
```

Select :guilabel:`Running` from the drop-down menu in the last field. Next, click the
:icon:`fa-plus` :guilabel:`(plus)` icon to the right of the last field, and an identical rule

> appears beneath the current rule. Select :guilabel:`Running` from the drop-down menu in the last
> field, leaving the other fields as-is. Click the :guilabel:`Add` button at the bottom to add the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
appears beneath the current rule. Change :guilabel:`Running` to :guilabel:`New` in the second rule, leaving the other fields as-is. Click the :guilabel:`Add` button at the bottom to add the
```

=========
Accidents
=========

When managing a fleet, accidents are inevitable. Tracking accidents is crucial for understanding
vehicle maintenance costs and identifying safe drivers.

Odoo's *Fleet* app offers multiple ways to track accidents. Below are step-by-step instructions for

> only **one** method to monitor accidents and their repair costs.

Author: I definitely didn't want to do a doc for all of them. The other way is to just have a service type be a "vendor bill" and then you can list in the description "Accident: (accident details)" but that semes less helpful. I think this method is the best way to handle accidents - but I wanted to let the reader know they can organize accidents in any way they like - from logging it in the notes only, or if specific vendors are always used for accident related repairs, etc.  This method I personally feel is the most visible way to do it. I just didn't want to say "this is the only way to do it" - then people might think they couldn't configure it a different way. Does that make sense? Or should I remove the reference to ""one""?

   Refer to the :doc:`service` documentation for detailed instructions on creating service records
   in Odoo's *Fleet* app.

Log accidents and repairs
=========================

To log an accident and initiate the repair process, the first step is to :ref:`create a service
record <fleet/service-form>` detailing the specific repairs needed.

.. note::
   Some accidents require multiple repairs with several different vendors. For these scenarios, a
   separate service record is needed for each vendor performing repairs. To keep records organized,
   it is recommended to keep the :guilabel:`Notes` field identical, as well as attaching the same
   important documentation, such as a police report.

Navigate to :menuselection:`Fleet app --> Fleet --> Services` to view the main :guilabel:`Services`
dashboard. Click :guilabel:`New` in the top-left corner and a blank service form loads.

Enter the following information on the form:

- :guilabel:`Description`: enter the description of repairs needed to fully repair the vehicle, such
  as `Bodywork`, `Windshield Replacement`, or `Replacement Bumper, Tires, and Windows`.

> - :guilabel:`Service Type`: select either `Accident - Driver's Fault` or `Accident - No Fault`,

Author: Good point! I shouldn't assume anything... you know what they say =D

  depending on the situation.

  When entering either of these two :guilabel:`Service Types` for the first time, type in the new

>   service type, then click :guilabel:`Create (new service type)`.

Author: Yes - although I see that both scenarios have this appear. Typically, when you just click 'create' it should just add the new item, and only when you click Create & Edit, you should get a pop-up screen asking for mor einfo. So I am not sure why this is happening- but this has been added and updated!

      The service request has been canceled. Some common scenarios for this is when the estimate is
      higher than the remaining vehicle value, and is deemed not worth repairing.

During the repair process, change the service status to reflect the vehicle's current status in one
of two ways: on the individual :ref:`service record <fleet/service_record>`, or in the :ref:`Kanban
service view <fleet/Kanban>`.

.. _fleet/service_record:

Service record
--------------

Open the main :guilabel:`Services` dashboard by navigating to :menuselection:`Fleet app --> Fleet
--> Services`. Next, click on the individual service record to open the detailed service form. Click
the desired stage in the top-right corner above the service form to change the status.

.. image:: accidents/running.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The stages as seen from the service form.

.. _fleet/Kanban:

Kanban view
-----------

Open the main :guilabel:`Services` dashboard by navigating to :menuselection:`Fleet app --> Fleet
--> Services`. First, remove the default :guilabel:`Service Type` filter in the
:guilabel:`Search...` bar, then click the :icon:`oi-view-kanban` :guilabel:`Kanban` icon in the

> top-right of the screen.

Author: Yes, because if not it's organized by vehicle instead of stage, and organizing it by vehicle isn't helpful.

> top-right of the screen.

Author: I rephrased this and added that info.

All services appear in a Kanban view, organized by their respective :guilabel:`Status`.
Drag-and-drop the service record to the desired stage.

.. image:: accidents/drag-n-drop.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Kanban view of stages, with a card being dragged and dropped to the Running stage.

Accident reporting
==================

One of the main reasons to track accidents using the method outlined in this document is the ability
to view the total accident cost, determine the safest drivers, and determine the actual total cost
for specific vehicles.

The main :ref:`Services dashboard <fleet/services_dashboard>` displays all the various accident
information, while the :ref:`Reporting dashboard <fleet/reporting_dashboard>` displays the total
cost for specific vehicles.

.. _fleet/services_dashboard:

Services dashboard
------------------

Navigate to :menuselection:`Fleet app --> Fleet --> Services` to view the default
:guilabel:`Services` dashboard. All service records are displayed in a :icon:`oi-view-list`
:guilabel:`(List)` view, grouped alphabetically, by :guilabel:`Service Type`.

The two service types created for accident tracking appear in the list: :guilabel:`Accident -

> Driver Fault` and :guilabel:`Accident - No Fault`.

Author: I was thinking of the document as a start-to-finish doc, so I assumed that they had created those service types, and were using them. There are only two types of services by default, Leasing and Omnium (no idea  what that is but it's contract related!)

The other types only appear if they are logged as a service. The irony is, you'd never use the Leasing or Omnium ones (since they are labeled as "Contract") so they wouldn't really be a "service". I hope that makes sense.

But yes, if they had configured other services, they'd appear - but organized by type, so you'd still see the 2 they created (in the instructions) and see them at the top (unless they made a Service type that's alphabetically before 'accidents').

   were not the driver's fault. This default dashboard also displays the estimated total
   :guilabel:`Cost` for all the accidents in each group.

   An estimated `$19,164.81` dollars are for driver-caused accident repairs, and an estimated
   `$2,548.21` dollars are for no-fault accidents.

   .. image:: accidents/group-accidents.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Accident services, with the total costs highlighted.

.. note::
   The total :guilabel:`Cost` calculates **all** costs on the repair form, including estimated costs
   as well as final repair costs. This number may not be accurate if there are any repairs in the
   :guilabel:`Running` stage, and the final bill has not yet been calculated.

.. _fleet/reporting_dashboard:

Reporting dashboard
-------------------

Navigate to :menuselection:`Fleet app --> Reporting --> Costs` to view the default
:menuselection:`Cost Analysis` report. The default report displays a  :icon:`fa-bar-chart`
:guilabel:`(Bar Chart)` of all :guilabel:`Contract` and :guilabel:`Service` costs for the current
year, organized by month (:guilabel:`Date`).

> To view the total cost by vehicle, click the :icon:`fa-caret-down` :guilabel:`(down caret)` icon at

Author: I agree! I thought we were using the icon names, but I am 100% on board with this.

.. image:: accidents/fleet-pivot.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Cost Analysis report, displaying the contract and service costs separately, as well as
         the total.

.. note::
   The :icon:`oi-view-pivot` :guilabel:`(Pivot)` display organizes the data by vehicle by default,
   therefore grouping the data by :guilabel:`Vehicle` is not required. If this filer is already
   activated, it does not affect the presented data.

Managing accident repairs
=========================

For companies with multiple employees managing a large fleet of vehicles, displaying only service
records in the :guilabel:`New` and :guilabel:`Running` stages can be time-saving if there are a
large number of records in the :guilabel:`Services` dashboard.

Navigate to the main :guilabel:`Services` dashboard, where all service requests are organized by
:guilabel:`Service Type`. Next, click the :icon:`fa-caret-down` :guilabel:`(down caret)` icon at the
far-right of the :guilabel:`Search...` bar, revealing a drop-down menu. Click :guilabel:`Add Custom
Filter` in the :icon:`fa-filter` :guilabel:`Filters` column., and a :guilabel:`Add Custom Filter`
pop-up window appears.

> Three drop-down fields need to be configured on the pop-up window. In the first field, scroll down
> and select :guilabel:`Stage`. Leave the second field set to :guilabel:`=`. Select
> :guilabel:`Running` from the drop-down menu in the last field. Next, click the :icon:`fa-plus`
> :guilabel:`(plus)` icon to the right of the last field, and an identical rule appears beneath the
> current rule. Change :guilabel:`Running` to :guilabel:`New` in the second rule, leaving the other
> fields as-is. Click the :guilabel:`Add` button at the bottom to add the new custom filter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Three drop-down fields need to be configured on the pop-up window.

Click the first field, scroll down, and select :guilabel:`Stage`.

Leave the second field set to :guilabel:`=`.

Select :guilabel:`Running` from the drop-down menu in the last field.

Next, click the :icon:`fa-plus` :guilabel:`(plus)` icon to the right of the last field, and an identical rule appears beneath the current rule.

Then, change :guilabel:`Running` to :guilabel:`New` in the third field of the second rule, leaving the other
fields as-is.

Click the :guilabel:`Add` button at the bottom to add the new custom filter.
```

.. image:: accidents/custom-filters.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The filter settings to be added to only display new and running services.

> This slight modification only presets services in the :guilabel:`New` and :guilabel:`Running`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This slight modification only presents services in the :guilabel:`New` and :guilabel:`Running`
```

> stages. For a company managing a high number of repairs at any given time, displaying only services
> that need to be managed or followed-up on, this is a helpful report.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
stages. This is a helpful report for a company managing a high number of repairs at any given time.
```

To have this report appear as the default report when opening the :guilabel:`Services` dashboard,

> click the :icon:`fa-caret-down` :guilabel:`(down caret)` icon at the far-right of the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
click the :icon:`fa-caret-down` :guilabel:`(down arrow)` icon at the right of the
```

:guilabel:`Search...` bar. Next, click :guilabel:`Save current search`, beneath the :icon:`fa-star`

> :guilabel:`Favorites` column, which reveals another drop-down column beneath it. Click
> :guilabel:`Default Filter` to have this customized :guilabel:`Services` dashboard appear by default,
> anytime the :guilabel:`Services` dashboard is accessed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Favorites` column, which reveals another drop-down column beneath it. Tick the checkbox beside
:guilabel:`Default Filter`, then click :guilabel:`Save` to have this customized :guilabel:`Services` dashboard appear by default, anytime the :guilabel:`Services` dashboard is accessed.
```

=========
Accidents
=========

When managing a fleet, accidents are inevitable. Tracking accidents is crucial for understanding
vehicle maintenance costs and identifying safe drivers.

Odoo's *Fleet* app offers multiple ways to track accidents. Below are step-by-step instructions for
only **one** method to monitor accidents and repair costs.

Structure
=========

For this example, to track accidents, two :ref:`service types <fleet/new-type>` are created:
`Accident - Driver's Fault` and `Accident - No Fault`.

This tracks various repairs associated with accidents, organized by who was at fault.

When an accident occurs, a service record is created. The specific repairs needed for the accident
are logged in the *Description* of the service record, and the details about the accident are logged
in the *Notes* section.

With this organizational structure, it is possible to view all accidents organized by fault, car,
driver, or cost.

> .. seealso::

Reviewer 2: I'm wondering if this should be a seealso or a note admonition...

Author: Probably a note- since it references another doc, I went with see also, but a note is probbaly best!

     documents.

.. image:: accidents/service-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enter the information for an accident repair.

Service stages
==============

In Odoo's *Fleet* app, there are four default service stages:

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: New

      The default stage when a service record is created. The service has been requested, but
      repairs have not begun. The :guilabel:`Cost` field for this stage remains zero.

   .. tab:: Running

      The repair is in-process, but not yet complete. The estimate for repairs is listed in the
      :guilabel:`Cost` field.

   .. tab:: Completed

      All repairs listed on the service form have been completed. The :guilabel:`Cost` field is
      updated to reflect the final total cost charged for the repairs.

   .. tab:: Cancelled

      The service request has been cancelled.

During the repair process, change the service status to reflect the vehicle's current state in one
of two ways: on the individual :ref:`service record <fleet/service_record>`, or in the :ref:`Kanban
service view <fleet/Kanban>`.

.. _fleet/service_record:

Service record
--------------

> Open the main :guilabel:`Services` dashboard, by navigating to :menuselection:`Fleet app --> Fleet

Reviewer 3: Small update to not use :guilabel: before navigating 
```suggestion
Open the main *Services* dashboard, by navigating to :menuselection:`Fleet app --> Fleet
```

--> Services`. Next, click on the individual service record to open the detailed service form. Click

> the desired stage in the top-right corner above the service form to change the status.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the desired stage in the top-right corner, above the service form, to change the status.
```

.. image:: accidents/running.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The stages as seen from the service form.

.. _fleet/Kanban:

Kanban view
-----------

> Open the main :guilabel:`Services` dashboard, by navigating to :menuselection:`Fleet app --> Fleet

Reviewer 3: Here too :)
```suggestion
Open the main *Services* dashboard, by navigating to :menuselection:`Fleet app --> Fleet
```

--> Services`. First, click the :icon:`oi-view-kanban` :guilabel:`Kanban` icon in the top-right of
the screen, which organizes all repairs by vehicle.

> Next, remove the default :guilabel:`Service Type` filter in the :guilabel:`Search...` bar. Upon
> doing so, all services appear in a Kanban view, organized by their respective :guilabel:`Status`.

Reviewer 3: Since we're already editing this doc from my review, please make the small update to change "Search..." to "search bar"
```suggestion
Next, remove the default :guilabel:`Service Type` filter in the search bar. Upon doing so, all
services appear in a Kanban view, organized by their respective :guilabel:`Status`.
```

   An estimated `$19,164.81` dollars are for driver-caused accident repairs, and an estimated
   `$2,548.21` dollars are for no-fault accidents.

   .. image:: accidents/group-accidents.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Accident services, with the total costs highlighted.

.. note::
   The total :guilabel:`Cost` calculates **all** costs on the repair form, including estimated
   costs, as well as final repair costs. This number may not be accurate, if there are any repairs
   in the *Running* stage, and the final bill has not yet been calculated.

.. _fleet/reporting_dashboard:

Reporting dashboard
-------------------

Navigate to :menuselection:`Fleet app --> Reporting --> Costs` to view the :menuselection:`Cost
Analysis` report. This report displays a  :icon:`fa-bar-chart` :guilabel:`(Bar Chart)` of all
:guilabel:`Contract` and :guilabel:`Service` costs for the current year, organized by month
(:guilabel:`Date : (year)`), by default. The :guilabel:`Sum`, represented by a gray dotted line, is
the combined total of both the :guilabel:`Contract` and :guilabel:`Service` costs.

To view the total cost by vehicle, click the :icon:`fa-caret-down` :guilabel:`(down arrow)` icon at

> the right of the :guilabel:`Search...` bar, revealing a drop-down menu. Click :guilabel:`Vehicle` in
> the :icon:`oi-group` :guilabel:`Group By` column, and the data is organized by vehicle.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the right of the search bar, revealing a drop-down menu. Click :guilabel:`Vehicle` in the
:icon:`oi-group` :guilabel:`Group By` column, and the data is organized by vehicle.
```

:icon:`oi-view-pivot` :guilabel:`(Pivot)` icon in the top-right corner of the :guilabel:`Cost
Analysis` dashboard. This displays each vehicle on a separate line, and displays the
:guilabel:`Contract` cost and :guilabel:`Service` cost, as well as the :guilabel:`Total` cost.

.. image:: accidents/fleet-pivot.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Cost Analysis report, displaying the contract and service costs separately, as well as
         the total.

.. note::
   The :icon:`oi-view-pivot` :guilabel:`(Pivot)` view organizes the data by vehicle, by default,
   therefore grouping the data by :guilabel:`Vehicle` is not required. If this filer is already
   activated, it does not affect the presented data.

Manage accident repairs
=======================

For companies with multiple employees, who manage a large fleet of vehicles, displaying only service
records in the :guilabel:`New` and :guilabel:`Running` stages can be time-saving, if there are a
large number of records in the *Services* dashboard.

Navigate to :menuselection:`Fleet app --> Fleet --> Services`, where all service requests are
organized by :guilabel:`Service Type`. Next, click the :icon:`fa-caret-down` :guilabel:`(down

> arrow)` icon at the right of the :guilabel:`Search...` bar, revealing a drop-down menu. Click
> :guilabel:`Add Custom Filter` in the :icon:`fa-filter` :guilabel:`Filters` column, and a
> :guilabel:`Add Custom Filter` pop-up window appears.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
arrow)` icon at the right of the search bar, revealing a drop-down menu. Click :guilabel:`Add Custom
Filter` in the :icon:`fa-filter` :guilabel:`Filters` column, and a :guilabel:`Add Custom Filter`
pop-up window appears.
```

Leave the second field set to :guilabel:`=`.

Select :guilabel:`Running` from the drop-down menu in the last field.

Next, click the :icon:`fa-plus` :guilabel:`(plus)` icon to the right of the last field, and an
identical rule appears beneath the current rule.

Then, change :guilabel:`Running` to :guilabel:`New` in the third field of the second rule, leaving
the other fields as-is.

Click the :guilabel:`Add` button at the bottom to add the new custom filter.

.. image:: accidents/custom-filters.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The filter settings to be added to only display new and running services.

This slight modification only presents services in the :guilabel:`New` and :guilabel:`Running`
stages. This is a helpful report for a company managing a high number of repairs at any given time.

To have this report appear as the default report when opening the :guilabel:`Services` dashboard,
click the :icon:`fa-caret-down` :guilabel:`(down arrow)` icon at the far-right of the
:guilabel:`Search...` bar. Next, click :guilabel:`Save current search`, beneath the :icon:`fa-star`
:guilabel:`Favorites` column, which reveals another drop-down column beneath it. Tick the checkbox

> beside :guilabel:`Default Filter`, then click :guilabel:`Save` to have this customized
> :guilabel:`Services` dashboard appear by default, anytime the :guilabel:`Services` dashboard is
> accessed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
beside :guilabel:`Default Filter`, then click :guilabel:`Save`. Then, this customized
:guilabel:`Services` dashboard appears, by default, anytime the :guilabel:`Services` dashboard is
accessed.
```

> click the :icon:`fa-caret-down` :guilabel:`(down arrow)` icon at the far-right of the
> :guilabel:`Search...` bar. Next, click :guilabel:`Save current search`, beneath the :icon:`fa-star`
> :guilabel:`Favorites` column, which reveals another drop-down column beneath it. Tick the checkbox
> beside :guilabel:`Default Filter`, then click :guilabel:`Save`. Then, this customized
> :guilabel:`Services` dashboard appears, by default, anytime the :guilabel:`Services` dashboard is
> accessed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
click the :icon:`fa-caret-down` :guilabel:`(down arrow)` icon at the far-right of the search bar.
Next, click :guilabel:`Save current search`, beneath the :icon:`fa-star` :guilabel:`Favorites`
column, which reveals another drop-down column beneath it. Tick the checkbox beside
:guilabel:`Default Filter`, then click :guilabel:`Save`. Then, this customized :guilabel:`Services`
dashboard appears, by default, anytime the :guilabel:`Services` dashboard is accessed.
```
